chore: updating README (#204)
defenseunicorns/uds-runtime: README.md

# UDS Runtime

> UDS Runtime is a cluster analytics and insights web application, capable of running locally or in cluster.

Reviewer: "analytics" is a trigger word for me, makes me think of data analytics which we aren't doing (yet!)

```suggestion
UDS Runtime is the frontend for all things UDS, providing views and insights into your UDS cluster.
```

## Quickstart Deploy

> !**WARNING**  

> > DO NOT USE IN PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS AT THIS TIME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This product is not recommended for production use at this time
```

> > !**WARNING**  
> > DO NOT USE IN PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS AT THIS TIME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> !**WARNING**  
> UDS Runtime is in early alpha, expect breaking changes to functionality 
```

### Pre-requisites

Recommended:

> * [uds-cli](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-cli#install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [UDS-CLI](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-cli#install)
```

If building locally:
* `Go >= 1.22.0`
* `Node >= v21.1.0`

### In Cluster

> Assumes cluster is running and `uds-core` is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assumes a K8s cluster is running.
```

#### Standalone Package
```bash
uds deploy ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds/uds-runtime:<tag> --confirm
```

> #### In Bundle

Reviewer: IMO this example is a bit extra for now, but I like the idea of using an example bundle as a smoke test and pointing to it from the docs. Personally, I'd remove from here and add to https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-runtime/issues/152

```yaml
kind: UDSBundle
metadata:
  name: example-bundle
  description: Example bundle
  version: 0.1.0

packages:
  - name: init
    repository: ghcr.io/zarf-dev/packages/init
    ref: v0.38.2

  - name: core
    repository: ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds/bundles/k3d-core-demo
    ref: 0.25.2
    optionalComponents:
      - istio-passthrough-gateway
      - metrics-server

  - name: runtime
    repository: ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds/uds-runtime
    ref: <tag>
```

**See [all tags](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-runtime/pkgs/container/packages%2Fuds%2Fuds-runtime)*

### Locally (Out of Cluster)

1. clone this repo
1. compile: `uds run compile`
1. run: `./build/main`

## Quickstart Development

For a full guide on developing for UDS Runtime, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

### To start the backend development server, run the following command:

> **With uds-cli**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**With UDS-CLI**
```

```bash
uds run dev-server
```

> **Without uds-cli**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Without UDS-CLI**
```

```bash
air
```

> **NOTE**: If you do not have air installed, you can find instructions for how to install at [here](https://github.com/air-verse/air)

### To start the frontend server, run the following command:

> **With uds-cli**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**With UDS-CLI**
```

```bash
uds run dev-ui
```

> **Wihtout uds-cli**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Without UDS-CLI**
```

### In Cluster

Assumes a K8s cluster is running and the appropriate K8s context has been selected

```bash
uds deploy ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds/uds-runtime:<tag> --confirm
```

**See [all tags](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-runtime/pkgs/container/packages%2Fuds%2Fuds-runtime)*

### Locally (Out of Cluster)

1. clone this repo
1. compile: `uds run compile`
1. run: `./build/main`

## Quickstart Development

For a full guide on developing for UDS Runtime, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

### To start the backend development server, run the following command:

**With UDS-CLI**
```bash
uds run dev-server
```

**Without UDS-CLI**
```bash
air
```

> **NOTE**: If you do not have air installed, you can find instructions for how to install at [here](https://github.com/air-verse/air)

### To start the frontend server, run the following command:

**With UDS-CLI**
```bash
uds run dev-ui
```

**Wihtout UDS-CLI**
```bash
cd ui
npm ci
npm run dev
```

## Nightly Releases

UDS Runtime publishes a canary release of latest changes every night tagged `nightly-unstable`

```bash
uds deploy ghcr.io/defenseunicorns/packages/uds/uds-runtime:nightly-unstable
```

> ## Techstack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tech Stack
```
